doc: integrate the supported releases page (#358)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/supported_releases.md

The list of supported Kubernetes versions in the above table depends on what
the CloudNativePG maintainers think is reasonable to support and to test.

At the moment, the CloudNativePG community does not support any additional
Kubernetes distribution, like Red Hat OpenShift (this might change in the

> future, but it will be addressed by an official policy written by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
future, and if it did change, that would result in an official policy written by the
```

!!! Note
    Dates in the future are uncertain and might change. This applies to Kubernetes versions too.

## What we mean by support

Our support window is roughly five months for each release branch (latest two

> minor release, plus an additional month), given that we produce a new final

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minor releases, plus an additional month), given that we produce a new final
```

release every two months.

In the below diagram, `release-1.16` is an example of a release branch.

For example, imagining that the latest release is `v1.16.0`, you can expect
support for both `v1.16.0` and `v1.15.0`.

> Only the last patch release of each branch is actually supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the last patch release of each branch is supported.
```

```diagram
------+---------------------------------------------> main (trunk development)
       \             \
        \             \
         \             \             v1.16.0
          \             \            Jul 7, 2022                    ^
           \             \----------+---------------> release-1.16  |
            \                                                       | SUPPORTED
             \                                                      | RELEASES
              \   v1.15.0                                           | = the two
               \  Apr 21, 2022                                      |   last
                +-------------------+---------------> release-1.15  |   releases
                                                                    v
```

We offer two types of support:

Technical support
:   Technical assistance is offered on a best-effort basis for supported

>     releases only. You can request support from the community on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    releases only. You can request support from the community on the
```

    [CloudNativePG Slack](https://cloudnativepg.slack.com/) (in the `#general` channel),
    or using [GitHub Discussions][https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg/discussions].

Security and bug fixes
:   We back-port important bug fixes — including security fixes - to all
    currently supported releases. Before back-porting a patch, we ask ourselves:
    *"Does this back-port improve `CloudNativePG`, bearing in mind that we really
    value stability for already-released versions?"*

## Professional support

If you are looking for professional support, please refer to the
["Support" page in the website](https://cloudnative-pg.io/support/).

> Such vendors might provide service level agreements that include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vendors listed there might provide service level agreements that included
```
